hi to all the guys welcome in
this new video today a little bit of
tricks to tell you for iphone
I use iphone 5 but I think it's worth
for all operational stands for all
the other funds
then these tricks will indeed allow
to change the settings that are
already preset and sorry for the game of
words is in your women then for
example now if we go up
settings we put general and then
let's go on keyboard, mouse and keyboards
let's add new keyboard and
we click on why they seek we must
water of the wine click on the Japanese
don't wait for no I already was not there
water born subject wait for it
here I remove then add keyboard and
put on and put away then you think I do
see this button click here
this world will appear to you
all the kitchens smilies
tables and dead then and now I do
see this I say it is for those who have
the iphone 4 or the system
operational I don't have to be me at 6 for whom
no aires 6 can go to put
add keyboard and put the keyboard
english scudetto and the array so shooting
does English here in the English keyboard
Then why did not I obviously six
because you generate in a year 6 there is for for
the Italian key here
that is to say own pc home
now he writes what he understands
clearly writes all that you
of you
we cancel in place then it's another trick
that of the calculator this trick
still owed of cecco of water allows
precisely to cancel the last number
that we write by doing so I take
so then I delete the last number that
in the living
I write 78 we explained writing 7
el 8 write us about 7 then it is another
Cute make-up with safaris if that us
we always go on and second example
des tricks together as much all
his tricks left each one below
click here above in the in the
bar where there is where there is the timetable and oh well
this good
you have understood which is double clicked e
it comes back to us but has forced trick
also works with phone messages
the applications where you forget then is
another trick with the camera
c of the camera that if we put
the camera horizontally and
we click the plus button as if it were
a digital camera and a camera
with the button we click more for yes
take the picture and then another one is that
of that in the focus which is us
we have to take a picture of it with col
phone just click on it focuses
stowe those with the object they are
then we click is the trick of the zoom
that if we do this we will get one
zoom stretcher that will serve precisely towards
sea ​​then with two fingers like that but then
we might also at times have done with a
over clicked with your fingers
then he will tell us about this sum bar
then the cases with the trick of the third click
of the three- click tea there is we go
on settings the genre
peace accessibility and then we put triple
gtt triple click